docs(add): encryption key step (#5131)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/secret-manager/how-to/create-secret.mdx

      2. Select your desired [region](/secret-manager/concepts/#region) in the **Region** drop-down.
            <Message type="important">
            Secrets cannot be moved from one region to another after creation.
            </Message>
      3. Click **+ Create secret**.
      4. Add your secret:
          - Choose whether to add your secret manually or import it from a file.
            <Message type="note">
            The maximum file size for your secret is 64 KiB.
            </Message>
          - Choose a [secret type](/secret-manager/concepts/#secret-types) and enter or upload your secret value.
      5. Choose a Key Manager encryption key:
          - Scaleway-managed encryption key: requires no configuration on your side.

          - Manually-managed encryption key: an existing Key Manager key you have previously created.
      6. Choose a [path](/secret-manager/concepts/#path) for your secret:
          - Enter an existing [path](/secret-manager/concepts/#path).

          - Create a new path. The path name **must be prefixed** with a slash.

>       7. Enter a name for your secret, a description, and optional tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      7. Enter a name for your secret, and, optionally, add a description and tags.
```
